collect it all here

Intro? <<
I have 9 years experience building internet applications, 
the last 7 were focused on adobe flex.  (entrispes)
I have consluted with a wide variety of organizations, from the, large enterpise , Federal Goverment, design agencies, and stratsups
My primary specialty is enterprise application, autometed testing and data driven design 

Done some work Java, and whatever is relevant. and webserices

intro follow up: 
 what is data driven design? <<
inveetmetn usable in 10 years , look back at 10 years 
play wiell in an ecosystem of technologies 
in a startup, when you are given a requirement
ocah res are availbe, you o not have a legacy constraint
woring in the enterpise requiresd a differetn subset of skills
requires the communication and technical expertise to integreate new functionality with 
the lats 10 years of developmnet, and have it contiiue to drive value for 10 years
in flex centric envirnoment ...
esting ... ensure componets an cnertact goether 
at my crrent contract i took lead initiate ove 

qqq: what about team experince? 
What did you do with automation / Testing Effort? << 
I lead up a project to fully automate all of our flex code. There were many chalenges
extend core compnents, added new components, like remote dropdown, all needed custom automation elegates
code base was fractuered across 3 edevelopment branches, automation nneeded common structure 
extnerla automation testing team, QTP required fully qtp support 


inenral flex team wanted flexmonkey support 
introduction follow up: what is data driven design? <<
there is ahowle set of design patterns and ideologyes, sepration of conerns, n-tier, and more modern concepts, like full integreation testing that are designed to deal with sch issues. 
It means defining a process, framework, and set of patterns to design, develop, build, and maintain all of the software that an agency or company needs to operate 
SRF
scaiabilty , relatibliyt, flexibility


It' snot the ui that drives value .... 

Bites? <<
Drive Value 
Guard against the scenario

Testing Effort

Lead Development effort 

Weakness 
Jobs


How do you automate? 
Starts


What is flex? source <<
Flex is a framework built in actionscript, that enables developers to produce complex internet applications for the Flash player and Air runtimes. It has a delcaritve flash content langaue, mxml, and includes an expansive set of UI, validation and remoting components. 

Why sparks? <<
In halo, flex 3 , compoents were ridig, hard ot extend, and require da lo of omkney patching to msa small changes to a component view. Such as adding an additional icon or content group to a panel titlebar
spark attempts to address this by seperating dat logic and behavior from visial states and animaion. 
create component logic with no assumptiosn abotu appearnce. 
create ocmponet-view iwthout digging into the lgoic 

skinparts, skinstates, skins are uicomponets, no more addChild, addElement

What is the Flex component lifecycle? <<
The way teh framework interact with evyr flex componet 
set of methods the frameowr calls to instantiate, control, and desotry copmonets 

Flex component link older?
updateDisplayLIst , creationchildren*, measure, commitProperties(), layoutChrom()


Personals
What do your certifications mean? <<
THye don't make one and expereit in everything, althought tests are very throrough. They say, this inidivdual has learned the basic ins and out of a technology. As a contractor, we are always looking for ways to keep our skills fresh. it is  worthwhile, if you cliam you are comfortabl ewith any techonology to go ahead and get certified, so you can say you know at least as much as the vender expect you t o know. 
we've bought 100' mil of software from a vendoer and it can only help you if you have passed that vendor's training. 

Artchecitrues 
n-tier  - presentaiton tier, aplict tier business logic, data tier . not mvc, client tier does nto communicate wtih dat tier
client server

What do you do on a typical day? <<
Typically it invovles, interactivng with differnet team members, members on different projects to check status of cuirrent work and fulfil external dependieices. 
3 or 4 times a week i will met with my manger to discuss future deadlines and current bottlenecks 
I spend 50-60% of my time developing and coding, and 10% mentoring or assiting  junior resoruces. 
We unfortnally nevr got testeers on the team, often, more towards the en do f aspring, so before we could call a story complete, we had ot get buy-in from the testing group, and turn over final requirements. 
analyist we did  have. 

is a set of principles and methodologies for designing and developing software in the form of interoperable services.

Risk - How do you manage risk? 
it's about managing risk 
many different styles fo archieteectures are available to you if you contrl the underlying risks that can cause a probject to fail. 
when I start on a project I strive to quickly get a handle of testing, 2 enefits, learning tool , they see only the ocmponent sin interactino, 
simple applcaiation

Just enough 
there is this philosphy called just enough softwar archetcegure. It's eays to get cuaght in non development task. itps important that efforts focus on the dififcult problesm the system needs to solve


Current Assingment << 
XXX
our app is a dashboard panel 
we support the UX and application  framework
I lead a team of 3 devs, 1 very junior, 2 senior resources, s but not expireiend in flex 
%0% new development, working iwwth analyst, getting buy in from product teams 
15% mentoriship 
20% maintence of existing applications 


how can flex and java communicate? <<
gs: java flex communicate
 You can use RemoteObject, WebService, or HTTPService to call a backend server from within a Flex application. 

Oracle in persistence tier, number of legacy services that provide client authentication access control 
to simplify java development, services are consolidated in a remote tier build in java, 
flex applications use httpservice to interact with java calls 

most of effort is spent developing flex fronts ends, 

What design patterns do you use on a daily basis? 
http://martinfowler.com/eaaDev/Notification.html

Presenter
What is the Mediator ?
 The default architecture for Ruby on Rails, Model View Controller, can begin to break down as Controllers become bloated and logic begins to creep into view templates. The Presenter pattern addresses this problem by adding another layer of abstraction: a class representation of the state of the view. 
What is Dependency Injection ? <<Dependency injection is a software design pattern that allows removing hard-coded dependencies and making it possible to change them, whether at run-time or compile-time.[1]
the idea, if a class is outsourcing certian functional to another object, specify a contract that object must fulfil, and leave the iplementation up to someon else, allow the injector to specify the conrete class implmenetaiton 
important for flex development , because this accerlate testing efforts. 
you only test a sub-copnet or subsystem, helps isolate problems in debuggin 

i
What's wrong with pattern designers? << 
otimal for 3rd generation languages 
cover missing language features
tend to build well wriwtten easy to underatnd code, that ignores all language or framework specific optimizations, and ignore baisc assumptions about the language itself 

