
mp: soundbites


--new format, indent text, and 1 question mark will append


how do leaders say it's confidential? >>
liberty? I'm sorry, but i'm not a liberty to discuss that with you 
disclose? i'm sorry but i can't discolse any information on that topic
Sorry, I am not allowed to disclose that information 
I never break a confidence
It was told to me in confidence
Leave it alone


Met with, and he wants somethting opposite? I met with [key stakeholder] two weeks ago and he mentioned that he was hoping our group could provide more assistance to [be specific]. This proposal seems to be taking the opposite tack and I feel we risk alienating [stakeholder].

Racist comment ? I find that quite disturbing/ offensive/ tactless/ upsetting.
RAcise comment 2? Don't say that to me
Reverse role? Is that really what yoyu think? ... ... ... .. .... 

When somoen eis pressuing you?  I'm sorry, but I cannot help you 
When someone is pressuring you (pushing) ? stop pushing

When someone is being stubborn? Are you even open to hearing what I have to say? 
When soneone is bieng stupport (chilish)? Let's stop acting like children 

When someone is being stuborn (lecturing)? There's no I'm always right in  productive coneversation 

When someons s being stubbort (advice)? You need to be open to other people's perspectives , too

When someone is condenstinaing? >>
(quesitoing) Why are you speaking to me like that? 
(surperior) Why do you think it's ok to insult me like hat? 
(Do not)Don't speak to me that way 
(courtesy) I would appreciate a litlet more courtiesy 
(kindness) A little kindness would suit you better
(talked down) No wone likes being talked down to

When someon theatnes you (fright)? If you think i'm frightend, you're mistaken
When someone threads you physically? I won't hesitate to use force if I'm thereatned

My opinion is just as valid as your opinion

[overwelming with sheer numbers]

--same them in chill voice 
--say them in comanding voice, angry voice, leader voice

When someone picks apart what you say >>

(take it) I"m not here to convince anybody. 

(uppity) My apologies, your majesty 
(worked up) There's no need to work yourself up into a sate
(too seriously) you're taking this too seiruosly 

(i can't help) I tend to say waht's on my mind, if you don't like it, I can't hlep you

When someone interrupts you >>
(hold it) Hold your pieace until I'm done
(interruption) I wasn't done yet
(accusation) Jake you interrupted me
(may) If I may finish
(finish) let me finish

When someone makes fun of you? >>
(acknloege) I’m glad you had a laugh at my expense— can we move on? [joking]
(poke back) Don't be jealous. admit it.
(basic) How original
(entertain) So glad I could entertain you

When someone criticizes you? >>
(exaggerating) You are exaggerating
(some will be unhappy) ) Well you can't please everyone all of the time
(accusation) I don't know where all this acrimony is coming from, but don't direct it at me.
(ignore it) I won't dignify that with a response 

When someone yells at you? >>
(time-out) Do you need to take a time-out?

When someone is avoiding your question? >>
(answer) You didn't answer my question 
(don't) Please don't dodge the question
(rephrase) Ok I'll put it differently
(not know) Do you just not know the answer? 

When someone changes the topic? >>
(deflecting) You seem to be deflecting the main issue.

When someone insults you? >>
(polite) I liked the polite version of you much better.
(warning) Be more careful with your choice of words.
(never again) I don't want to hear you talk like this ever again. 
(manner) Do not talk to me in this manner. 
(command) Don't talk to me like that

When someone is violent? >>
don't touch me? Keep your hands to yourself, please
retaliate? If you come at me again, I will retaliate, I promise. +
respect? I thought you had more respect for me
